agastopia: n. – admiration of a particular part of someone’s body
bibble: v. – to drink often; to eat and/or drink noisily
cabotage: n. – coastal navigation; the exclusive right of a country to control the air traffic within its borders, NOT v. – to sabotage with cabbage and/or Vermont Cabot Cheese
doodle sack:  n. – old English word for bagpipe 
erinaceous: adj. – of, pertaining to, or resembling a hedgehog, Although she won’t know what it means, never, ever tell your date Erin that she is “looking quite erinaceous this evening.”
firman: n. – in Turkey and some other Oriental countries, a decree or mandate issued by the sovereign
gabelle: n. – a tax on salt 
halfpace: n. – a platform of a staircase where the stair turns back in exactly the reverse direction of the lower flight
impignorate: v. – to pawn or mortgage something, NOT v. – to impregnate a pig
jentacular: adj. – pertaining to breakfast
kakorrhaphiophobia: n. – fear of failure, This is the last word that someone with kakorrhaphiophobia would want to encounter in a spelling bee.
lamprophony: n. – loudness and clarity of enunciation
macrosmatic: adj. – having a good sense of smell
nudiustertian: n. – the day before yesterday, NOT n. – a martian nudist
oxter: n. – outdated word meaning “armpit”, NOT n. – a creature that is half ox, half otter
pauciloquent: adj. – uttering few words; brief in speech, If you had to figure out how to use this word in context, you probably wouldn’t say much either.
quire: n. – two dozen sheets of paper
ratoon: n. – small shoot growing from the root of a plant, NOT n. – the offspring of interbreeding rats and raccoons
salopettes: n. – high-waisted skiing pants with shoulder straps
tittynope: n. – a small quantity of something left over, Undoubtedly the biggest eyebrow-raiser on this list!
ulotrichous: adj. – having wooly or crispy hair, First time you’ve heard this word? It’s probably a good indication that you don’t have wooly or crispy hair. Or that you do, and nobody uses this word anymore.
valetudinarian: n. – a sickly or weak person, especially one who is constantly and morbidly concerned with his or her health, Think – “the valedictorian of hypochondriacs”
winklepicker: n. – style of shoe or boot in the 1950s with a sharp and long pointed toe, A close second to “tittynope” in the eyebrow-raiser category
xertz: v. – to gulp down quickly and greedily
yarborough: n. – hand of cards containing no card above a nine
zoanthropy: n. – delusion of a person who believes himself changed into an animal